(logo humming)
(soft tense music)
(soft tense music fades)
(silence)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
(mysterious music)
(silence)
(birds chirping)
(flag flapping)
(upbeat radio music)
(Sentry speaking Spanish)
(ID rustling)
(both speaking Spanish)
(boom barrier creaking)
(truck engine rumbling)
(birds chirping)
(truck engine whirring)
(upbeat radio music)
(Truck Driver speaking Spanish)
(tense music)
(soft tense music)
(crate cracking)
(Kris sighing)
(melancholic music)
Where's the money?
You've already
been paid in full.
Deal has changed.
I want everything.
(thrilling music)
(Thug speaking Spanish)
I don't think so.
(punch thudding)
(dramatic music)
(spanner whooshing)
(kicks thudding)
(machete swishing)
(machete whooshing)
(punch thudding)
(punches pounding)
(blow thwacking)
(Kris grunting)
(Thug grunting)
(kick thudding)
(punch smacking)
(echo reverberating)
(keys clinking)
(dramatic music continues)
(truck door slamming)
(grinder whizzing)
(dramatic music continues)
(chain clinking)
(dramatic music fades)
(nostalgic music)
(horns honking)
(nostalgic music continues)
(gates creaking)
(car engine rumbling)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps plodding)
(truck engine whirring)
(suspenseful music continues)
(truck engine rumbling)
(water fountain splashing)
(crowd chattering indistinctly)
(student laughing)
(birds chirping)
(gates creaking)
(foreboding music)
Gracias.
(car door thudding)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(footsteps plodding)
(door clicking)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(both chuckling)
Hola. Papi.
(Vicente smooching)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
How was your day?
The usual.
Usual? (notification beeping)
Hey. baby.
(Vicente growling)
(Elisa giggling)
Okay.
I've got a party here next week
for some prospective
business partners.
and I'd like you to attend.
(sighing) Do I have to?
Yes. (phone vibrating)
-No. no!
-Who are you talking with?
Ah. nobody. No!
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
-Oy. Papa.
-Felipe.
-No. no. (squealing)
Felipe? (Elisa
speaking Spanish)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
Ciao.
Eh.
-Pa.
Your mother was so
good at this stuff.
I'm not. You know that.
Hey. babe. wait.
Yeah. I can see that
you're a caveman.
Yes. I am. the worst.
And it always help having
beauty around. like you.
So I wouldn't be there
because of my brain?
Yes.
Or my razor-sharp wit.
Yes. you can bring them.
Just maybe don't
deploy them. okay?
Is that a yes?
-Mm. (laughing)
-Is that a yes?
Sure.
But you owe me.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(Vicente smooching)
(footsteps clopping)
(Vicente sighing)
(pensive music)
(pensive music continues)
Ciao. Carlos.
(speaking Spanish)
(ominous music)
(phone keypad tapping)
(footsteps plodding)
Okay. sir. it is time to close.
(cup clinking)
Have you tried this cake?
Uh.
I like it a lot.
I take a piece home
when there is leftover.
(ominous music continues)
Have you tried this cake?
No.
Not today. sir.
Uh. uh. mm. not this one.
Have you given yourself
a gift this week.
Alex?
I'm sorry sir. but
I have to close.
(cup shattering)
Sit. (shushing)
(Alex speaking Spanish)
Listen to me.
You must learn to give
yourself a gift once a week.
Life is shorter than you think.
(metal arm clicking)
(knife clinking)
And small things are the
ones that really matter.
(suspenseful music)
Please don't hurt me.
(cake squelching)
Open.
Ah.
(suspenseful music continues)
(Alex grunting)
Mm. (munching)
It's good?
Thank you. Alex.
(fork clinking)
(cake squelching)
(Alex sniffing)
(suspenseful music continues)
(El Corvo spitting)
(tires rustling)
(car door thudding)
(Police radio chatter)
(Policewoman speaking Spanish)
(Alex speaking Spanish)
(suspenseful music continues)
Get out. (Alex gasping)
Now!
(metal arm clinking)
(footsteps plodding)
(Alex speaking Spanish)
(Policewoman speaking Spanish)
(roller shutters scraping)
(Alex speaking Spanish)
(Policewoman speaking Spanish)
(car doors thudding)
(Alex screaming)
(knife swishing)
(ominous music)
(Alex breathing shakily)
I can take you home. Alex.
(Alex screaming)
(traffic whirring)
(melancholic music)
No! Puta. (Cleaner humming)
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Wiping now.
(wipers flicking)
(Cleaner knocking)
-No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
(Driver speaking Spanish)
(side mirror clacking)
(punches thudding)
(kick thudding)
(car horn honking)
(Bodyguard grunting)
(Elisa shrieking)
-Shit.
(gun clicking)
(punch thudding)
(car door thudding)
(car engine rumbling)
(tires screeching)
(dramatic music)
(Elisa screaming)
Ah! No. what the fuck!
Oh. help me!
(Elisa screaming)
Ah! Ah! (trunk lid thudding)
(car engine rumbling)
(footsteps clopping)
(tires screeching)
(footsteps plodding)
(ominous music)
You.
You were the breach.
the chink in the armor.
You opened the door
and she was taken.
Who was he?
(Driver speaking Spanish)
Mm.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
What did he look like?
(Driver speaking Spanish)
(Vicente sighing)
And you expect me to
believe that a homeless bum.
whose face you couldn't see.
walks across the street
from the local fucking food bank
and decide to single-handedly
take out two armed bodyguards.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(bat thwacking)
(Driver coughing)
(bat smacking)
(fingers clicking)
(bats thwacking)
(Bodyguard screaming)
I want every goddamn gangbanger.
hustler. (speaking Spanish).
A significant sum.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(suspenseful music)
(car trunk clanging)
Ah! Stop!
Stop! (Elisa knocking)
Ah. stop the car!
(Elisa screaming)
(car door clicking)
(birds chirping)
(car door thudding)
(foreboding music)
(wrench clanking)
(Kris groaning)
Ah. (speaking Spanish) Ah!
Hey! Hey!
Hey. stop running!
-Ah. no! Ah.
Help!
I just wanna talk to you. okay
Hey!
Stop running.
(Elisa screaming)
Hey. stop running.
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
All right. calm down.
Stop running. okay?
You speak English?
-Yes!
You. you thirsty?
I'm not drinking that. You're
probably trying to drug me.
I'm not trying to drug you.
It's there if you want it.
And don't run anywhere. okay?
I just (pants).
I want you to see something.
You see that?
-Hmm.
-Take a look. Okay?
Take a look at it.
I was friends with your mother.
That was before you were born.
(nostalgic music)
Congratulations.
But right now. you're
a psychotic kidnapper.
You locked me in
the trunk of a car!
You're a fucking lunatic!
Calm down. calm down.
I'm not here to hurt you.
I don't trust you.
You can trust me. Look at me.
Your mother. she sent
me here to come get you.
Bullshit.
My mother has been
dead for five years!
I know. (breathing heavily)
Your mother made me promise
if anything ever
happened to her.
that I would find you
and I would come and take
you away from Vicente.
(Elisa breathing heavily)
What keep you?
It's a long story.
Look. I'm sorry I locked you
in the trunk of the car. okay?
I didn't have a choice.
I just needed to get as
much distance between us
and the city as possible.
I'm sorry about that.
but I'm telling you the truth.
-Prove it!
I will. later.
But right now. we need to
get back inside that car.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
Please.
No.
Goddamnit.
(anxious music)
(gun clicking)
Okay.
You might as well shoot me here.
but I'm not getting
back in the car!
You take the gun.
Look. I'm putting
the gun on the floor.
All right. the gun's yours.
You can take it.
You can sit in the
back seat if you want
and keep the gun trained
at me the whole time.
I won't even look at
you if you don't want.
But we need to get back
inside that car right now!
(anxious music continues)
What? You wanna stay out
here the whole night?
Come on. take the gun!
You want me to believe that
this is loaded? Fuck yourself.
Pull the trigger.
(gun firing)
Jesus Christ!
Okay. you believe me now?
Now. get back in
the car right now.
(birds chirping)
(Kris breathing heavily)
Now. take me back home.
It's not happening.
Yes. it is. Turn the
car or I'll shoot.
(Kris chuckling)
We both know you're not
gonna shoot anybody.
Now. just sit back. calm down.
It's gonna be a long drive.
You said my mother asked you
to take me from Vicente. my dad.
So that means you
know who he is. right?
Oh yeah. I know exactly
who that son of a
bitch- Yeah. and rich
and powerful man.
And when you're a
rich and powerful man.
you protect what's yours.
which mean lessons of
firearms for everyone.
especially his little girl.
Okay.
Now. turn the car
around or I'll shoot!
(scoffing) You're
gonna shoot me?
Really? In cold blood?
-Yeah.
-I don't think so.
Don't test me. I'll do it.
Oh yeah. you're gonna do it?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
-You think so?
Go on then.
-I'm not scared of you.
Knock yourself
out. (gun clicking)
What the fuck? Are you crazy?
Jesus Christ! What
are you doing?
Oh. I see! You put an empty
shell in the mag. asshole!
You're actually gonna
try and kill me?
Dude. you kidnapped me.
You're probably going
to rape me and kill me.
Of course. I fucking
tried to kill you.
Asshole!
-Give me that!
Jesus Christ.
-Fuck yourself!
The hell is wrong with you?
(fuel gauge beeping)
Oh. fucking great.
Shit! (hand thumping)
(gritty music)
(leaves rustling)
(car engine whirring)
(dog barking)
Okay. now listen to me.
I'm not here to hurt you. okay?
You understand that?
I'm just gonna put
some gas in the car.
I'm gonna be quick. and
then we're outta here.
Look at me.
Don't do anything stupid.
I'm watching you.
Hey!
(gritty music continues)
(ball bouncing)
(players chattering
indistinctly)
(fuel nozzle clicking)
(fuel hissing)
(gritty music continues)
(car door clicking)
Hey! (Elisa speaking Spanish)
Hey. guys. guys. guys.
She's. whatever the girl
just said. don't believe her.
She's. uh. she's crazy. loca.
Loca. loca. crazy.
I don't want any trouble.
You speak English? (Player
1 speaking Spanish)
(phone keypad clicking)
-Hey. I don't speak Spanish.
Hey. don't come any closer.
You speak English?
Hey. back off!
Don't! Back off!
(Player 2 grunting)
(dramatic music)
All right. I don't
wanna have to do that.
Hey. leave it. no!
(punch whooshing)
Don't! (blows thudding)
(kick smacking)
(Player 1 grunting)
Back off. (phone ringing)
Back off!
Back off right now or I'm
gonna break his fucking arm.
I'll do it. I'll do it!
(Player 1 screaming)
Shit. (kick smacking)
(dramatic music continues)
(fence clinking)
(punches thwacking)
I told you I didn't want
to fight. Now. back off!
(phone ringing) (Elisa
speaking Spanish)
Back off!
(body thudding)
Fuck this.
(blows pounding)
(kick thwacking)
(car trunk clanging)
(headbutt thudding)
(car trunk clanking)
(squealing) Dad! Dad!
Dad. he kidnapped me!
(speaking Spanish)
Hey. come here.
-Fuck!
-Elisa. Elisa!
Elisa!
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
Come here. Walk.
Look. look. You see
this carnage right here?
You see this? That's on you.
I didn't wanna have
to hurt those guys.
but you forced my hand.
And you get in the
fucking car. Get in there!
Hey. come here. Come here.
-Don't touch me! Fuck you!
-Get off it! Don't touch me!
Don't touch me.
Goddamnit!
-Get off me! Fuck you!
-Turn around!
-Ah. fuck you!
(Elisa panting)
Ah!
-You sit still!
Fuck you! (panting)
(car door thudding)
(foot stomping)
Hey. stop it.
Don't kick me. Stop it!
You wanna go back inside
the trunk? Stop it.
Who are you to
tell me what to do?
Fuck you!
-I'm your father!
I'm your real father.
Bullshit.
(Elisa breathing heavily)
I'm hungry.
Look.
when I'm stressed. tired.
and angry. I get
really. really hungry.
And right now. I'm all of
those things to the max.
So if I don't get food
soon. I'm going to lose my
fucking temper!
-Okay. fine. Stop it.
Jesus Christ. this is you
before you lose your temper?
Your call. kidnapper.
Okay. Don't kick the chair.
(car engine rumbling)
(foreboding music)
(tires crunching gravel)
(foreboding music intensifies)
(car engine starting)
Nick. (speaking Spanish)
(ominous music)
(ominous music continues)
(saw whizzing) (phone ringing)
(saw whizzing continues)
(phone ringing continues)
(phone beeps)
Speak.
Girl got grabbed.
She's in the wind.
This morning.
It's an opportunity.
This makes us even then?
Does it?
(chain clinking)
(ominous music intensifies)
(traffic whirring)
(faint relaxing music)
(Elisa munching)
All right. come on.
Need to get moving.
Eliza. you need to eat up fast.
It's Elisa.
What?
Elisa.
Alisa?
-Elisa.
-E.
Elisa. okay. Sorry.
(Elisa munching)
Are you gonna eat
the whole thing?
Come on. We need to go.
I need to eat.
You locked me in
the trunk for hours.
I'm finishing this or I'm
screaming the place out.
Okay.
(Elisa munching)
Let's just speculate
for a moment
that you're not
completely full of shit
that you're actually my father.
So do this. Daddy.
where have you been
my entire life?
It's. uh. complicated.
How complicated?
(faint relaxing music continues)
I was in prison.
all right? 15 years.
So you're a criminal?
No. no. I'm not a criminal.
They let me out. okay?
You beat the shit out of my
drivers and kidnapped me.
So yeah. you're
still a criminal.
Shit.
What were you in there for?
(scoffs) Does it matter?
What's your name anyway?
Kris.
Kris? (Kris chuckling)
Yeah. Kris. Something
wrong with Kris?
(car engine whirring)
It's funny that my
daddy's named Kris.
Alisa.
Elisa.
Elisa. Okay. Elisa?
All right. sorry.
Thank you.
(nostalgic music)
What?
I was just thinking how much
you look like your mother.
(throat clearing)
Yeah.
I don't look like you at all.
No. you don't. but
I'm pretty sure
you inherited my temper.
(nostalgic music continues)
I miss her so much.
I don't know why she-
She didn't.
I think Vicente killed her.
(heavy music)
(door bell tinkling)
Why would you say
that? You're a liar.
He'll never do
something like that.
(gun clicking)
(man speaking Spanish)
(man speaking Spanish continues)
He says that you can sit
tight or die right now.
Tell him the. uh. safety's on.
(speaking Spanish)
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
(head smacking)
(patrons screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(blows thudding)
(Kris grunting)
Elisa!
(suspenseful music continues)
(thug grunting)
(gunshots popping)
(air hissing)
(Kris grunting)
(glass shattering)
(car engine revving)
(bottle crunching)
(blows thudding)
(knee thumping)
(punch smacking)
(car engines revving)
(suspenseful music continues)
Hey. (slap cracking)
Where are they taking her?
You speak English?
Fuck you!
Oh. you speak English.
(fire extinguisher clinking)
You're gonna tell me
where they're taking her
or I'm gonna bash
your fucking face in.
You understand me?
Fuck you!
Okay.
(fire extinguisher smacking)
Talk!
(teeth clicking)
Ready to talk now?
(melancholic music)
(faint groovy music)
(faint groovy music continues)
(patrons speaking Spanish)
Puta! (bottles clinking)
(faint groovy music continues)
(bottles shattering)
(Man speaking Spanish)
Slick.
(man chuckling)
Gracias. (speaking Spanish)
(Man speaking Spanish)
(Man continues speaking Spanish)
(faint groovy music continues)
Mm?
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
(Man speaking Spanish)
(footsteps plodding)
(Elisa speaking Spanish)
(Man speaking Spanish)
Okay.
(ominous music)
(Man speaking Spanish)
(phone ringing)
(ominous music continues)
(Elisa breathing heavily)
[Vicente] Elisa.
Yes.
[Vicente] Are you okay?
[Vicente] Did he hurt you?
No.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
Hey.
I have something to ask
you. something important.
[Vicente] Yes?
Do you have anything to
do with Mama's death?
(nostalgic music)
Of course not.
I did everything
I could for her.
I still don't know why
she did what she did.
I love her like I love you.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
He says that he's
my real father.
(brooding music)
(phone thudding)
Papa.
(gunshots cracking)
Hello. Papa.
Papa!
It seems we have a
rival for your reward.
Come on. Come on.
(vase shattering)
Fuck!
(gunshot cracking)
(patrons screaming)
(gunshots popping)
Hide there if you
want to live. come on.
(patrons screaming)
(gunshots popping)
(Man speaking Spanish)
(gun clicking)
(gun firing)
(patrons screaming continues)
(shotgun clicking)
(metal arm clanging)
(gun firing)
(blows thwacking)
(table smashing)
(gunshots cracking)
(bullets whistling)
(table smashing)
[Patron 1] Hurry! Hurry!
(gunshots popping)
(guns firing)
(yelling)
(blows thudding)
(patrons screaming)
(Elisa panting)
(knife swishing)
(blows pounding)
(flesh squelching)
Ah. no no no.
(blows thudding)
(man panting)
(blow thudding) (man groaning)
(grunting)
(punch smacking)
(groaning)
(kick thudding)
(glass shattering)
(knife clinking)
(punch thudding)
(patrons screaming)
(gun clicking)
(shotgun firing)
(blows pounding)
(knife sucking)
(shotgun clicking)
(patrons screaming)
(shotgun cracking)
(bricks clattering)
(patron screaming)
(glasses clinking)
(bottle shattering)
(flesh squelching)
(gun firing)
(gun clicking)
(foreboding music)
(bone cracking)
(footsteps plodding)
(door thudding)
(dramatic music)
(blows thudding)
(glasses clicking)
(Kris grunting)
(swings whooshing)
(metal arm clanking)
(Kris groaning)
(dramatic music continues)
(footsteps plodding)
Elisa!
(metal fist clanging)
(kick thudding)
(swing whooshing)
(bottle shattering)
(punches thumping)
(table cracking)
(blood squelching)
(Kris groaning)
(metal arm clicking)
No!
Run!
(dramatic music intensifies)
Fuck!
(Elisa panting)
(metal arm clanging)
(Kris grunting)
(body slamming)
(Elisa panting)
(Elisa gasping)
Shit.
(dramatic music continues)
(Kris grunting)
(Elisa squealing)
(planks cracking)
(bodies thudding)
Get outta here! Go!
(blows thudding)
Die. motherfucker!
(gunshots pattering)
(metal pinging)
(gunshots popping)
(glass shattering)
(gunshots cracking)
(rifle clicking)
(dramatic music continues)
(footsteps clopping)
(metal arm clicking)
Ah! (knife slashing)
(metal arm clinking)
(blows pounding)
(kick thwacking)
(Kris groaning)
(metal arm clicking)
(car engine revving)
(tires screeching)
(Elisa panting)
Kris. Kris. Kris.
(Kris grunting)
Come on. Come on.
Move! Let's go!
(tense music)
(chicken clucking)
(footsteps pounding)
Stop. Stop.
Are you okay?
What about you? You okay?
Did they hurt you?
No. (panting)
Who was that psycho?
I don't know. but he
kicked the shit outta me.
Shit.
(wings fluttering)
How do you learn to
fight like that. huh?
I used to get punched in
the face for a living.
Thanks for saving my
ass back there. okay?
Think you saved me.
(bus engine whirring)
Yeah.
Come on. (chickens clucking)
(Elisa panting)
(melancholic music)
Gracias.
You talked about how bad
Vicente treated my mother.
I don't remember it like that.
Your mom was a strong
woman. all right?
She wouldn't have
wanted you to know
that her life was a living hell.
Vicente. he's not
who you think he is.
I'm not stupid. Kris!
I know what Vicente does
and what he's capable of.
But he loved my mother
and he loves me.
That son of a
bitch is the reason
I spent 15 years on
the inside. okay?
He stole your mother from me!
-Bullshit! Bullshit!
I don't believe you.
(foreboding music)
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Wait. just wait.
Jesus Christ. you really
do have my temper.
Just calm down.
Okay?
(Elisa exhaling heavily)
Look. there's a shop over there.
I think you should go and get
yourself a change of clothes
or something. I
don't know. a hoodie.
Can you do that?
I don't know for sure
that you're father.
but I do have a temper.
(blood dripping)
(ominous music)
(water sloshing)
(metal hook clicking)
(ominous music continues)
Did you know that
Vicente. your mom.
and I. we used to rob banks?
Really?
Yeah. really.
What a joke.
Ha ha. super funny.
-No. seriously.
the three of us together.
we were quite the team.
Your mom would be on point.
okay. putting the guards
on their back foot with
her dazzling beauty.
and then Vicente and I
come rolling out the back
like a couple of bad parents.
We were good. fast.
Nobody ever got hurt. right?
That was your mom's number
one rule. and we stuck to it.
Ah. (speaking Spanish)
(ominous music)
You know when your mom got
pregnant with you. I panicked.
I mean. we'd just been
stealing and spending.
We didn't have any
savings. nothing.
So when Vicente suggested
we pull off one last
job. the big job.
I was all ears.
(footsteps plodding)
So let me guess. you got caught.
No. job went off
without a hitch.
Free and clear with a huge
haul of cash. (chuckling)
It was beautiful.
So how did you get caught?
(footsteps plodding continues)
He set me up.
-Who?
-Vicente.
Left a trail of breadcrumbs
straight to my door.
Next thing I know.
I'm doing 15 years
and being ghosted
by the woman I love.
That's seriously fucked up.
But that doesn't
mean he killed her.
(ominous music continues)
Dark one. bitch.
(car door thudding)
(upbeat radio music)
And some smokes.
(butt slap thudding)
-Ah!
-Hey!
And don't fuck it
up this time. bitch!
(laughing)
All right.
You know what?
She can still suck the
crumb off a trailer hitch.
Prime the pump a little.
(upbeat radio music continues)
Check out this slab of strange.
(chuckling)
What a freak.
Are you guys
having a good time?
Yeah. I guess so. (laughing)
I'm gonna need your car.
What?
You need my car?
(laughing)
Go fuck yourself.
cracking freak.
(laughing)
I'm sorry. I didn't get that.
Can you repeat?
Oh man.
This.
(keys clinking)
I said go fuck yourself.
(screaming)
(punch thudding)
(shotgun clicking)
(spitting)
Ah. you motherfucker!
Ah. help! (car door thudding)
(car engine revving)
(upbeat radio music)
(bottle shattering)
("Amor De Primavera" by
Omar Martinez playing)
(Elisa singing in Spanish)
(singers singing in Spanish)
("Amor De Primavera" by
Omar Martinez continues)
It was your mom's favorite song.
Yeah.
(bird chirping)
Did you know that. uh.
I bought your mom that necklace?
-Really?
-Yeah.
It was a present.
Do you know that diamonds
could cut through
anything and everything?
See. that was your mom.
She was strong and
beautiful like diamonds.
Like you.
(nostalgic music)
(Elisa sniffing)
Do you ever see her again?
Yeah.
One day. they. uh.
they told me I had a visitor.
Never got visitors. not once.
It was your mom. It was Leonor.
She tells me she's sorry she.
she didn't come
and see me sooner.
And she said it was
because of Vicente and me.
I figured as much.
And she says
she can't take it anymore.
She can't take this
life with Vicente
controlling her.
suffocating her.
She says she's gonna leave him
and she's gonna
take you with her.
And she tells me.
she says if anything
ever happens to her.
I need to come find my daughter
and I need to protect her.
(nostalgic music continues)
Three weeks later. I get
word that she's dead.
(nostalgic music continues)
Come on. we need to keep moving.
Come on.
(footsteps plodding)
(tense music)
(tense music continues)
(gunshots popping)
(patrons screaming)
(recording screeching)
(remote control beeping)
It's worse than I thought.
They had the devil
on their tail.
(tense music continues)
("Tarot" by Los Innecesarios
del Manana playing)
(volume dial clicking)
(bird chirping)
(distant motorbike rumbling)
(door handle clicking)
Shit.
(brooding music)
Right. come on. you
gonna help me or not?
(door handles clicking)
(truck door clicking)
Yes. get in. quick.
(truck door slamming)
(Elisa knocking)
(door lock clicking)
All right. look around
and see if you can find
a spare set of keys.
Otherwise. I'm gonna have
to hot-wire this guy.
Shit. (compartments clicking)
(map rustling)
(gun clicking)
Hey.
you wanna give me that?
Give it to me.
(sighing) Now what?
Okay.
I'm not leaving the
country with you.
Told your mom I'd take
you to your aunt's.
and that's what
I'm gonna do. okay?
Aunt Carolina?
Yeah. Aunt Carolina.
She lives in America.
I haven't seen her
since I was a kid.
Yeah! (dashboard clacking)
Don't worry. You'll
be safe there.
From who? From Vicente?
Yeah. from Vicente.
(wires sizzling)
How do I know for sure that
you're telling me the truth?
Even if it is. even if
he did ruin your life.
he always made mine
really. really good.
-He killed your mom.
-You don't know that
for sure. you don't
have any proof.
Look. your mom comes
and sees me in prison.
tells me she's gonna
take you and run.
Three weeks later. she's dead.
and you think that's
a coincidence?
I know him. okay?
I know what he's capable of.
-So do I!
My whole life.
And you know what?
A life I actually
like. (wires sizzling)
I like where I live.
I like my school.
I like my friends.
And I already have
big plans for my life.
What are your plans. hmm?
What does deliver
me safely even mean?
Are you just. just going
to dump me on my aunts?
Leave again. not even
trying to be a good father!
(Elisa breathing heavily)
You know what?
Maybe you're right.
I mean. I spent your whole
life in a prison cell. right?
What the fuck would I know
about being a father anyway?
Aunt Carolina. she's a
good woman. all right?
She'll give you a good life.
I have a good life.
(wires sizzling)
I had a good life
without you in it.
(engine revving)
Okay.
You don't care about me.
This is all about you. isn't it?
You and your personal
vendetta with Vicente.
Hey!
Hey.
Don't touch me!
Fuck you!
-Elisa!
(Truck Owner speaking Spanish)
Fuck off.
Fuck off. (speaking Spanish)
Fuck off. go. go!
(truck engine rumbling)
Hey. hey. hey! Shit.
(suspenseful music)
(tires screeching)
Fuck!
(suspenseful music continues)
(car engine rumbling)
Hey. stop.
(tires screeching)
(footsteps plodding)
(gloomy music)
(truck brakes squealing)
(truck door slamming)
(car engine rumbling)
(keypad clicking)
(tires screeching)
(car engine rumbling)
(car door clicking)
Shit. (grunting)
(Elisa panting)
(menacing music)
(Elisa knocking)
Anyone?
(Elisa panting)
(Elisa knocking)
Anyone? Anyone. hey!
Shit! (shrieking)
(Elisa panting)
(menacing music continues)
(footsteps plodding)
(steep pipe clanging)
(Kris panting)
Elisa!
(menacing music continues)
(steep pipe clanging)
(Elisa panting)
What are you looking at. hmm?
(Elisa breathing shakily)
Have you given yourself
a gift this week. Elisa?
(Elisa breathing heavily)
I don't like apples.
Have you tried this apple?
I'm not hungry.
Just one bite.
(Elisa breathing heavily)
(unsettling music)
Give me that.
(unsettling music continues)
(Elisa munching)
(Elisa spitting)
Fuck you. psycho!
(frantic music)
[Kris] Elisa.
(Elisa screaming)
Elisa. where are you?
Elisa?
Oh. Kris. Kris!
Behind you.
Elisa. get down!
Get out of the way!
Move! (gunshots firing)
(shotgun clicking)
(Elisa shrieking)
(bullets whistling)
(metal clinking)
(gunshots cracking)
(metal arm clanking)
(shotgun firing)
(gunshots popping)
(Elisa screaming)
(Elisa breathing raggedly)
Do you consider
yourself a sharpshooter?
Don't.
Let her go.
Even if you put a
bullet through my brain.
the muscles will twitch
and pull the trigger.
(Elisa breathing
raggedly) (tense music)
You wanna find out?
Okay.
On three. you shoot.
If not. I will.
One. two. three. (Elisa
breathing heavily)
Okay!
Okay! (breathing heavily)
Please don't hurt her.
Don't hurt her. please.
Walk towards me.
(tense music continues)
-No.
-Lie on the floor.
It's okay. (panting)
It's okay.
Hands behind your back.
No.
Good.
Let's go. come on.
(Elisa breathing shakily)
Just do as he says. Elisa. okay?
(footsteps rustling)
(tense music continues)
(cable tie zipping)
(cable tie squeaking)
Kris.
I'm sorry.
No. no. no. it's not your fault.
No! (shotgun smacking)
Who are you?
Who the fuck are you?
I ask the questions. kidnapper.
Who are you?
You fucking freak.
(punch thudding)
-No! (whimpering) No!
Who are you?
(kick thwacking)
(Kris groaning)
Who are you? (kick thwacking)
No! (sobbing)
Who are you?
(foot stomping)
(shotgun clicking)
He's my father!
(troubled music)
Vicente's your father.
No.
(Elisa breathing shakily)
He's my real father.
Interesting.
What are you gonna do with her?
Compensation.
(metal fist clanging)
(troubled music continues)
(wings fluttering)
(birds cawing)
(car engine rumbling)
(wings flapping)
(tense music)
Long time no see you. buddy.
Give me your gun.
(gun clicking)
I should have just
kill you back then.
You need me.
What?
I don't see it.
We both wanna get Elisa back.
but you wanna live
through this. right?
I don't care about that.
I only care if she does.
I'll fight to the death
for her. You know me.
She's not yours. I raised her.
(tense music intensifies)
(kick thudding)
(rope creaking)
(gloomy music)
(gloomy music continues)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(machete clinking)
(Kris thudding)
(Kris coughing)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
You killed her.
you son of a bitch!
(groans) (gun thumping)
(kick thwacking)
(gun clicking)
(Nick speaking Spanish)
(tense music)
(Vicente sniffing)
I didn't kill her. That's
all you need to know.
Fuck you. You
took her from me.
When she finally got
wind of your bullshit
and tried to leave
you. you killed her.
Admit it.
I took her from you
because that's what we did.
We took what we wanted.
We robbed banks. Vicente.
And I robbed you.
It's who we were.
What did you expect?
Honor among thieves. asshole?
You took everything from me.
That's because I
wanted everything.
Just fucking simple.
You used to understand that.
(phone ringing and vibrating)
Hello?
Yes.
[El Corvo] You found my gift?
-Yes.
-Good.
Remember where you
tried to kill me?
Yes. (traffic whirring)
I'll be waiting.
Oh. before I forget.
please say thanks to
your right-hand man
for telling me that
the girl was in play.
(rosary clicking)
(gun firing)
(blood squelching)
Ah.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
I know where she is.
Who is that psycho?
It's not about money. is it?
No. it's personal to him.
You fuck him over too?
I hired him for a job.
He came highly recommended.
a professional.
But he went beyond
what was required.
crossed the line.
You tried to finish up
all the loose ends. right?
But you failed.
We shot the fucker with
a tranquilizer dart
that would have taken
down a bull elephant.
He was taken to an
isolated location
and guarded by 15
of my best men.
I wanted to kill him myself.
When I arrived.
I found all my men dead.
His severed hand is still
cuffed to a railing.
They must have cuffed only
one of his hands. idiots.
What kind of will does
it take to do that?
To make that choice.
to carry that through.
And now. he's more
myth than man.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
Devil that doesn't die.
Now. she's with
him because of you.
(suspenseful music)
(body thudding)
(suspenseful music intensifies)
(car doors clicking)
(case clicking)
(rifles clicking)
What's going on?
What's the plan?
He's not expecting you.
You come from the back.
like the old days.
(gun clicking)
-You gonna give me a weapon?
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(footsteps shuffling)
(suspenseful music)
(shrubs rustling)
(footsteps rustling)
(foreboding music)
(knife swishing) (groaning)
(chain rattling)
(footsteps plodding)
(foreboding music continues)
Flaco?
Flaco!
Fuck.
(Vicente breathing heavily)
(blood dripping)
(dramatic music)
(rope scraping)
(body thudding)
(knife clinking)
(dramatic music continues)
(footsteps rustling)
(metal arm clicking)
Where is she?
You'll find out.
Move. (kick thudding)
Elisa. Elisa.
(speaking Spanish)
Elisa. Elisa. Elisa.
Hey. (speaking Spanish)
Elisa. Elisa.
Papi.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(chain scraping)
(ominous music)
You're gonna need that.
(switch clicking)
(chain clinking)
(suspenseful music)
(Elisa screaming)
(gun firing)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(dramatic music)
(Elisa screaming)
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(dramatic music continues)
(gunshots cracking)
(chain clicking)
(shredder rumbling)
(switches clicking)
Puta!
(steel pole clanking)
(shredder cracking)
(steel pole cracking)
(dramatic music continues)
(kick thudding)
(Kris grunting)
(backfist whooshing)
(glasses clicking)
(Kris panting)
Girl's got nothing
to do with this.
You let her go.
I'm sorry. I need her.
Look. I don't give a
fuck about what happened
between you and Vicente. okay?
Let it go!
(metal arm clanging)
(blow thumping)
(Kris groaning)
(metal arm clanging)
(dramatic music continues)
(shredder creaking)
(Elisa screaming)
(blows pounding)
(kick whooshing)
(metal fist clanging)
(Kris groaning)
(blows pounding)
(punch thwacking)
(glasses clicking)
(Kris exhaling deeply)
You think Vicente killed her.
They hired me to
make her disappear.
I enjoyed it.
(Kris grunting)
(blows thudding)
(metal arm thumping)
(metal arm smashing)
(shredder creaking)
(switch clicking)
(Vicente panting)
(dramatic music continues)
(saw clinking)
(blows thumping)
(kick thwacking)
(blows whooshing)
(Kris groaning)
(metal fist clanging)
(metal arm clanking)
(metal arm clicking)
He wanted it to
look like a suicide.
And yes. I got carried away.
Had some fun.
But at the end of the
day. I am what I am.
Now. he will have to
sacrifice what he loves
in order to know how it feels.
(dramatic music continues)
No. no. no. no!
(shredder rumbling)
(blows pounding)
(knee thumping)
(punches thudding)
(kick whooshing)
(punches smacking)
(dropkick thwacking)
(dramatic music continues)
No!
No! No!
(chain clinking)
(shredder growling)
No!
(dramatic music continues)
(tackle thumping)
(Kris grunting)
(blocks thudding)
(blows pounding)
(lever clanging)
(punch smacking)
(lever clanking)
(steam hissing)
(blows thwacking)
(headbutt thudding)
(blows thudding)
(Kris grunting)
(metal arm clanging)
(metal arm clinking)
(elbow smacking)
(bodies thudding)
(Kris grunting)
(kick thudding)
(metal arm clicking)
(knife ripping)
(Kris groaning)
Shit.
(dramatic music continues)
(footsteps clanging)
(chain rattling)
(shredder rumbling)
(Elisa screaming)
(Elisa wailing)
(knee thumping)
(knife swishing)
(punches thudding)
(Elisa wailing)
(Kris groaning)
(kicks thudding)
(dramatic music continues)
(footsteps clanging)
No!
Elisa!
Kris. help! Kris!
Kris!
Help me. I cannot stop this!
(knife swooshing)
(blocks thudding)
(knife sucking)
(knife swishing)
(kick thumping)
No!
(Elisa panting)
(metal pole clanking)
Stop it. Stop it.
you motherfucker.
(shredder rumbling)
(Elisa wailing)
Tell her how you did it.
and I'll tell you how
to stop the crane.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
(Elisa breathing heavily)
What the fuck are you saying?
I tried to stop your mom
from taking you away from me.
You understand?
She was going to
separate me from you.
(Vicente speaking Spanish)
No! (screaming)
You have to say it.
-Okay.
-Say it!
Okay. I pay you to kill her.
Are you happy now?
Is that what you wanted?
-No! (crying)
Now. stop that
fucking thing now!
Stop that fucking thing. please.
Please. (shredder rumbling)
First floor.
I don't think you have
time to get there.
(Elisa breathing raggedly)
(Elisa screaming)
Elisa. diamonds.
The diamonds.
(necklace snapping)
(shredder grating)
(chain snapping)
(punch smacking)
No. no. no!
No! No!
(punch thudding)
(dramatic music continues)
(flesh squelching)
(El Corvo groaning)
(Vicente groaning)
(railing clanging)
No!
(grim music)
(bodies thudding)
(Elisa breathing shakily)
No. no. no. no.
Kris. Kris. listen to me.
Kris. Kris.
No. please.
(Elisa crying)
(somber music)
Please don't die. Kris.
(somber music continues)
Kris.
Elisa.
Look at me.
Kris. don't die.
I'm sorry.
No. no. no. (sobbing)
(somber music continues)
(hopeful music)
(birds chirping)
(distant horn honking)
(hopeful music continues)
(flowers rustling)
(Elisa sighing)
(bird chirping)
(Elisa sniffing)
(Kris sighing)
(mournful music)
You keep the promise to her.
It was worth it.
It was.
Dad.
(hopeful music)
(thrilling music)
(thrilling music continues)
(thrilling music fades)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm